Update msal-net-clear-token-cache.md (#95763)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-clear-token-cache.md

# Clear the token cache using MSAL.NET

When you [acquire an access token](msal-acquire-cache-tokens.md) using the Microsoft Authentication Library for .NET (MSAL.NET), the token is cached. When the application needs a token:

- public client applications - desktop apps and mobile apps - should call the `AcquireTokenSilent` method 
- web sites, which use the `AcquireTokenByAuthorizationCode` should also call the `AcquireTokenSilent` method 
- web apis, which use the `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` method, do not need to do anything. MSAL will look in the cache on its own. 
- service principals and daemon apps, which use the `AcquireTokenForClient` method, do not need to do anything. MSAL will look in the cache on its own.

Public client apps and web sites clear the cache, which use `AcquireTokenSilent`, by removing the accounts from the cache. This does not remove the session cookie which is in the browser.

> Web APIs and service principals cannot clear the cache. To control the cache size, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-net-token-cache-serialization?tabs=aspnet. To bypass the cache in certain circumstances, use the `WithForceRefresh` method on the `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` or `AcquireTokenForClient` APIs. It is not recommended to always bypass the cache, because AAD will throttle the application on excessive use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web APIs and service principals cannot clear the cache. To control the cache size, see [Token cache serialization in MSAL.NET](/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-net-token-cache-serialization?tabs=aspnet). To bypass the cache in certain circumstances, use the `WithForceRefresh` method on the `AcquireTokenOnBehalfOf` or `AcquireTokenForClient` APIs. It is not recommended to always bypass the cache, because Azure AD will throttle the application on excessive use.
```
to adhere to doc guidance - fixing link, link text, and AAD 

this fix doesn't mean the reviewer will approve the changes. thanks
